Madō King Granzort is based on the anime of the same name. The story takes place in science-fiction scenario in which a few kids get special powers to save the world from the evil Jadou Clan. To be more exact, they can summon three powerful creatures: The Madou kings of earth, water and wind. The player takes the role of those kings to defeat the Jadou Clan.  The player needs to find the way through the levels while solving basic platforming challenges and a lot of fighting, either with a sword or by shooting. The player can switch between the Madou kings which have different abilities. It is important to look after the energy bar and the time limit: both result in the loss of a life when running out.Daytona USA 2 is an arcade racing game released by Sega in 1998 as a follow-up to the extremely successful Daytona USA. The game featured vastly superior graphics, utilizing the Sega Model 3 hardware. The majority of Daytona USA 2 cabinets were released as deluxe models (with far fewer Twin Cabinets), which could be linked together for up to four players. A notable change from the original is the ability to select a car and corresponding driver, each with varying capabilities for varying levels of player experience. Just like before, the game has three courses – a Beginner course with 8 laps with a distance of 1 mile (1.6 km), an Advanced course with 4 laps with a distance of 2.5 miles (4 km), and a long Expert course with 2 laps with a distance of 5 miles (8 km). The 'time lap' mode also returns, and is accessed in the same manner – by holding down start at the transmission select screen. Like the original game, mirrored versions of the tracks can also be played by holding down the Start button when selecting the course. It is recommended, however, that the player has had mastery of the course beforehand. By request, an arcade operator could put the game on Grand Prix or Endurance mode to increase the number of laps in a game. Finishing a race in the top 3 in any course allows the player to view an "ending" and see the game credits. An addition to the game was the "slingshot", corresponding to advanced NASCAR drafting techniques
